exercise-2/README.md, before:

# Exercise-2
In this exercise, you'll practice creating a repository, adding collaborators, and resolving any conflicts that may arise. You should work in groups of two or more.

## Set up

To set up the repository, take the following steps:

- **Person 1** should create a new repository on GitHub with a `README.md` file.
- **Person 1** should add **Person 2** as a collaborator to the repository on GitHub
- **Person 1 and Person 2** should _both_ clone the repository to their machine

## Simultaneous Contribution (to create conflict)

Here, we'll see how multiple people contributing to the same project can create conflicts when integrating changes.

- **Person 1** should edit the `README.md` file by adding a line (i.e., `line #2`)that says _My favorite candy is <candy>_
- **Person 1** should then `add` and `commit` those changes, then push those changes up to GitHub
- **Person 2** should then edit the `README.md` file by adding a line (i.e., `line #2`)that says _My favorite candy is <candy>_
- **Person 2** should then `add` and `commit` their changes, and attempt pushing up to GitHub

At this point, GitHub should prevent **Person 2** from pushing because they are not working on top of the most recent commit to the project.

## Rebasing
To allow **Person 2** to replay their changes on top of the most recent version of the project, they should `rebase` the changes from the remote:

- **Person 2** should pull and rebase changes from GitHub (i.e., `git pull --rebase origin master`). This should **not** work smoothly because **Person 1** and **Person 2** edited the **same line of the same file**.
- **Person 2** will then have to open up the `README.md` file to make changes manually to the file
- After making the file look **exactly how the want**, **Person 2** should add their changes to the rebase (i.e., `git add .`) and then continue (complete) the rebase (`git rebase --continue`)
- **Person 2** should now be able to push their (integrated) changes up to GitHub.

Commit message:

Update module and exercises for W17

exercise-2/README.md, after:

# Exercise-2
In this exercise, you'll practice resolving a merge conflict.

> This is a line you will change!

For this exercise, complete the following steps:

1. You should have cloned _this_ module repository. Make sure you are on the `master` branch, and that all changes are committed.

2. Create and `checkout` a new branch called `danger`

3. On the `danger` branch, use Atom or another text editor to change the above block-quoted line so it contains the word "Warning!" It should still be in a block-quote.

4. `commit` your change with an appropriate commit message.

5. `checkout` the `master` branch again.

6. Now change the above block-quoted line so it contains your favorite movie quote. It should still be in a block-quote.

7. `commit` your change with an appropriate commit message.

8. Use `git merge danger` to merge the `danger` branch ___into___ the `master` branch. **This should cause a merge conflict**

9. **Don't panic**

10. Use Atom or another text editor to **resolve the merge conflict** You will need to make the file look exactly as you want the code to appear, includig removing the `<<<<<<`, `======` and `>>>>>>`.

11. Be sure to `add` and `commit` that you've resolved the conflict.

12. Use `git status` to confirm that everything is now merged.
